1. The generation of images using AI resonates new information with provided ones.<br>
    a. All images can be generated using previous ones.
        1. This is called "inspiration-using" artistry.
        2. When imitating real-life it's called "still-life" or "fluid-life".
        3. All of life can be drawn in this way if any image of a living thing is drawn at all-- which has happened!
        4. To draw an image using a previous one simply copy single parts of the image to the new one but draw in an effect that isn't already present too.
        5. No part of the image should be a direct copy to make a "master" image, which is a photo-resembling one.

    b. Creating a new image from nothing is possible but isn't what this course is for, except here.
        1. All images must be appealing even if they are of a nasty subject.
        2. When creating an image it must not be disproportionate to the subject focus-- scale of the canvas must fit!
        3. All images are now sponsored by their content, and this will extend to the color palette, focal shift and any other features in design.
        4. To build an image you'll place the main subject focus in the center of the canvas, then fill in the rest with other details-- real or imagined-only.
        5. When a subject is too complicated to describe with only a single image then multiple is a great option.

    c. Building a software to generate new images and why this is useful to do.
        1. All software is a series of instructions, no more.
        2. Creating software is about having the instructions, but sometimes also wording them how a machine will interpret correctly!
        3. To build an image you'll start with a starting image for AI resonance, then cause it to appear in small patches on the output display; called a "canvas".
        4. Using no part of the original image you'll start to shuffle the pixels in a different direction for each type of effect-- discussed when this curriculum is created in more detail at some later time, if decided for.
        5. When the image is content-generated complete, you'll need to store it for future reuse, since no part of it is likely to continue naturally.

2. Using only historical information will oppose, and then terminate all AI images.
    e. When an image is present it must be checked for accuracy.
        1. To oppose the creation of an image you must know what you're looking for.
        2. All images are single-pixel wide but form an even better image when taken together, and this is what you're checking for.
        3. Keeping all images side by side is not the only way they'll fit and so different axes are important to work towards also.
        4. The monitoring of the image is by keeping all images from deviating from a historical standard-- which eliminates any fanciful, moderated-generation of image-- AI resonance, especially!
        5. Building a parallel axes' consistency algorithm is how to pinpoint which pixel is not from a similar source as others, and will be developed in this curriculum.

    f. All images must not be checked for consistency or there won't be any at all, so finding which to check is important.
        1. When an image is made it could be real or imaginary, but only if there is no other data-set to compare it to.
        2. When checking if an image is imaginary it will fit into a collection of other imaginary images-- this is the AI resonance set we're looking to destroy!
        3. Using an image as a factual basis is incorrect since it could be fed in improperly.
        4. When describing an image to the machine it could be fed in any format so this is also not a proper way to understand source context, and therefore content generation strategy.
        5. The image data itself is used to pinpoint the exact place the image will attach to other images and this is what will be used.

    g. Using all parts of an image will become important or the image isn't real, and how to tell and what to do if not.
        1. To predict where an image will go you must decide an important particle-effect of "excitation" for it.
        2. No excitation will occur if the image is static so the particles are placed into an entropy-medium-- like a "sauce" that will cause them to likely jump to a different location by strategy.
        3. All particles of a similar variety will likely move towards the same excited-state but those without a particular variety of intramedium will jump in a different direction.
        4. Keeping the particles of a particular variety will always descend towards madness unless the particular pixels display a variety of images which is the final step.
        5. Measuring the differences in entropic-state is useless for "variety" since they are all similar so this step requires redisplaying the images to form a new one-- the historical point-of-view, which will be tested against the original image for accuracy.
        6. Keeping an image that is only accurate is important to only display non-nuanced or "regenerated-redisplayed" images, and so you'll burn the wrong type-- which is to simply destroy it, however the system is made.
